<h1> JavaScript and jQuery book by Jon Duckett pages 293-301, 306-331 and 354-357</h2>

jQuery offers a simple way to achieve a variety of common JavaScript tasks quickly and consistently, across all major browsers and without any fallback code needed.

jQery is a JavaScript file that you include in your web pages. It lets you find elements using CSS-style selectors and then do something with the elements using jQuery methods. 
    1)Find elements using CSS-style selsctors
    2)Do something with the elements using jQuery methods

Why jQuery?
1) Simple selectors
2) Common tasks in less code
3) Cross-browser compatibilty 


Get information: if a selection holds more than one element, and a method is used to get information from the selected elements, it will retrieve infromation from one the first element in the matched set.

Set information: if a selction holds more than one element, and a method is used to update information on the page, it will update all of the elements in the matched set,not just the first one. 


<h1>6 Reasons for Pair Programming</h1>

The Driver is the programmer who is typing and the only one whose hands are on the keyboard. Handling the “mechanics” of coding, the Driver manages the text editor, switching files, version control, and—of course writing—code. The Navigator uses their words to guide the Driver but does not provide any direct input to the computer. The Navigator thinks about the big picture, what comes next, how an algorithm might be converted in to code, while scanning for typos or bugs. The Navigator might also utilize their computer as a second screen to look up solutions and documentation, but should not be writing any code.

Pair programming touches on all four skills: developers explain out loud what the code should do, listen to others’ guidance, read code that others have written, and write code themselves.
1. Greater efficiency
2. Engaged collaboration
3. Learning from fellow students
4. Social skills
5. Job interview readiness
6. Work environment readiness
